Update `PROPERTY` + `PROPERTY_OPTION` PKs and Resolve multiple email campaigns belong to an email send job (#182)
fivetran/dbt_hubspot: README.md

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [hubspot__companies](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_hubspot/#!/model/model.hubspot.hubspot__companies)         | Each record represents a company in Hubspot, enriched with metrics about engagement activities.<br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<br>• Which companies show high incoming email counts but limited outbound engagement, indicating potential follow-up or nurturing gaps?<br>• Which industries or geographic regions show the highest average engagement activity per company?                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [hubspot__companies](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_hubspot/#!/model/model.hubspot.hubspot__companies)         | Each record represents a company in Hubspot, enriched with metrics about engagement activities.<br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<br>• Which companies receive many emails but send few replies, indicating potential follow-up or nurturing gaps?<br>• Which industries or regions have the most engaged companies?  |
```
